These are the shrines you can find in Hellfire. Sometimes only the quote is given (if you touch a Goat's Shrine or a Couldron).

Abandoned Shrine	V
Quote: "The hands of men are guided by fate."
Effect: Dexterity is raised by two points.

Creepy Shrine		V
Quote: "Strength is bolstered by heavenly faith."
Effect: Strength is raised by two points.

Cryptic Shrine		V
Quote: "Arcane power brings destruction."
Effect: Nova erupts from shrine, mana orb is refilled.

Divine Shrine		V
Quote: "Drink and be refreshed."
Effect: Fills both orbs, gives two potions of full rejuvenation.

Eerie Shrine		V
Quote: "Knowledge and wisdom come at the cost of self."
Effect: Mana goes up, life goes down.

Eldritch Shrine		V
Quote: "Crimson and azure become as the sun."
Effect: All potions turn into potions of rejuvenation.

Enchanted Shrine	Vx
Quote: "Magic is not what it seems to be."
Effect: One spell loses two levels, all others gain one level.

Fascinating Shrine
Quote: "Intensity comes at the cost of wisdom."
Effect: Mana goes down, Firebolt spell improved.

Glimmering Shrine	V
Quote: "Mysteries are revealed in the light of reason."
Effect: Identifies entire inventory.

Gloomy Shrine		V
Quote: "Those who defend seldom attack."
Effect: All armor gain +2 armor class, all weapons gain -1 to maximum damage.

Glowing Shrine		V
Quote: "Knowledge is power."
Effect: +5 to magic, -5% experience.

Hidden Shrine		V
Quote: " New strength flows from destruction."
Effect: One item loses 10 durability, all others gain 10 durability.

Holy Shrine		V
Quote: "Wherever you go, there you are."
Effect: The shrine casts the Phasing spell.

Magical Shrine		V
Quote: "While the spirit is vigilant, the body thrives."
Effect: The shrine casts the Mana Shield spell.

Mendicant's Shrine	V
Quote: "Give and you shall receive."
Effect: Takes half your gold and converts it to experience.

Murphy's Shrine		V
Quote: "That which can break will."
Effect: 1 in 3 chance of damage to an item worn. Otherwise takes away 1/3 of your gold.

Mysterious Shrine	V
Quote: "Some grow weaker as one grows strong."
Effect: Two stats lose a point, one other gains two point.

Oily Shrine		V
Quote: "That which does not kill you..."
Effect: +2 to primary stats:
    Monk = +1 to strength and dexterity.
    Warrior = +2 to strength.
    Rogue = +1 dexterity and magic.
    Sorcerer = +2 magic.
    Bard = +1 dexterity and magic.
    Barbarian = +2 to vitality.

Ornate Shrine		V
Quote: "Salvation comes at the cost of wisdom."
Effect: Mana goes down, one spell gains two levels.

Quiet Shrine		V
Quote: "The essence of life flows from within."
Effect: Vitality is raised by two points.

Religious Shrine		V
Quote: "Time cannot deminish the power of steel."
Effect: All items are repaired.

Sacred Shrine		V
Quote: "Energy comes at the cost of wisdom."
Effect: Mana goes down, Charged Bolt spell improved.

Secluded Shrine		V
Quote: "The way is made clear when viewed from above."
Effect: Gives full map of current level.

Shimmering Shrine	V
Quote: "Spiritual energy is restored."
Effect: Fills the mana orb.

Solar Shrine		V
Quote: "You feel stronger."
Effect: +2 to strength.
Quote: "You feel wiser."
Effect: +2 to magic.
Quote: "You feel refreshed."
Effect: +2 to vitality.
Quote: "You feel more agile."
Effect: +2 to dexterity.

Sparkling Shrine		V
Quote: "Some experience is gained by touch."
Effect: Player is attacked with an electrical charge and gains (1000 x current level) experience.

Spiritual Shrine		V
Quote: "Riches are around when least expected."
Effect: Fills all free spots in inventory with 10-20 gold.

Spooky Shrine		
Quote: "When avarice fails, patience grows."
Effect: All players get full life.

Stone Shrine		V
Quote: "The power of mana refocused renews."
Effect: All staves are recharged.

Tainted Shrine		V
Quote: "Those that are last may yet be first."
Effect: All other players get -1 to one stat and +1 to all other stats.

Thaurmaturgic Shrine	V
Quote: "Everything that once was open, is now closed."
Effect: All open chests are closed and reseeded.

Town Shrine		V
Quote: "There's no place like home."
Effect: Casts a Town Portal spell.

Weird Shrine		V
Quote: "The sword of justice is swift and sharp."
Effect: All weapons gain +1 to maximum damage.

Couldron		
Quote: Dependant on effect.
Effect: The effect of a random chosen shrine is given.

Goat Shrine
Quote: Dependant on effect.
Effect: The effect of a random chosen shrine is given.

Blood Fountain
Quote: none
Effect: Current hitpoints are increased by 1 (reusable until you have 100% hitpoints).

Fountain of Tears
Quote: none
Effect: One stat loses 1, another gains +1.

Murky Pool
Quote: none
Effect: Casts the infravision spell.

Purifying Spring
Quote: none
Effect: Current mana are increased by 1 (reusable until you have 100% mana).