Cowsuit quest has a different scheme:
1. Bugger off, I don't deal with characters that are below level 15, - multiple speeches on this one
2. I lost something and I need it back, fetch me this.
3. What are you doing? Get going!
3.a find one item, return it to the NPC
4. WTF are you thinking? It's not what I want.
4.a find second item, return it
5. Ah yes, at last some dignity
5.a gives you reward (unique item)
5.b changes his appearance, but only after you reload or quit-reenter town
------------
To apply different skin to this quest it would take:
changing cowsuit guy's .CEL animation from original to Tremain's
adding extra speech content to the game (being done already)
repointer sounds from speeches to corresponding Tremain's .WAV files
1. dont know what to do with all these "Moo", "I said Moo" dialogues, but the triggering would sound like..:
2. when clvl >=15, allow quest and speech "I have had a most disturbing experience....."
3. "All I can do now is pray for us all"
4. "Fleshdoom's demise is a great good to the world, yet Shadowfang remains....."
note: Fleshdoom will drop a proof of his death in SP mode, the item would be taken to Tremain, and would trigger this speech
Fleshdoom will be found somewhere on level 11 or 12, I would prefer 11, because at this point character would most likely reach level 15 and thus would be able to trigger the quest.
4.a somewhere on level 20 in Abyss the sword would be found then, lying on the floor (only in SP mode, too, to not overcomplicate things in MP). OR___ some other monster would drop the unequippable Shadowfang (along with its usual drop as a boss), in SP only, too.
5. amd by taking the cursed blade to Tremain, he'll say " Light be praised! You found the cursed demonblade! Only its destruction can ensure the safety of us all. For your services this day I bestow this mace onto you. Its name is Lightforge and it is the holiest of order's artifacts. As I am the last of this order, I entrust it to you. May the Light guide you"
5.a saying this, he drops the new unique item: Lightforge (can be discussed what's it gonna be BTW)
5.b appearance doesn't change, quest is finished

Note: other villagers would have nothing to say about this quest